hello and welcome to my second
commentary video first and foremost I
would like to declare the player shaved
to be a smelly arrogant food face bump
rusher who never cleaned his tea for
wishes his hair he sits in his mom's
basement all day no light thing the RS
escape and trying to beat me at the clan
wars however you can see me fucking bone
him in my second video if you would like
to see how much of a failure shaped is
there shall be a link place in the
description he is very very very very
bummed but bad at Britain I bet he likes
touching himself at night as well anyway
I am currently destroying these noobs
with my good friend Burton probe who is
a 10 week tanker throw my bull shizzle
nerd pubic hair God why is this idiot
wearing the myth rills of the armor does
he want to die the fact that he just
phoned me with a massive special means
nothing he is a noob he probably join in
when shaved is touching himself alone
that night aha this idiot core dark sea
failure just got dice bald ha he likes
balls like a homo oh look at his Kelly's
FTW she was in my last commentary video
but she must still die because she is a
virgin or something ok I shall now own
this quarter RC home Obama ball bouncer
this person reminds me of an idiot nerd
fail homo called remick's dread knocks
likes to cheat and auto switch and life
he should be banned I think I shall mute
him because he is penis loving Troma
wall we're walking in the air we're
floating in the moonlit sky the people
are below are sleeping as we flight oops
I forgot this is commentary I wat
listening to probe read music did I
mention that I own shaped and
by the juicy vagina hell do I have such
a full inventory when I see other fail
bread videos they have like eight items
to switch between but I have 16 maybe
they cannot handle being as awesome as
me and doing 16 items switches and
boutiques like me another question I get
asked a lot is why i use bandos the
answer is as follows because I am a rich
mother fucker if you are poor then shut
the fuck up and get the fuck out by work
for my ship and I fuck well will you sit
you are all jealous homos and yes my
food I do surrender my soul by wearing
this crap also I am asked how the hell I
am hey mom when I go around insulting
everything I see the answer is a follows
J Jaques failed at picking good mobs la
la la la la no not really I am just the
very nice person really everybody loves
me this is true believe it or fuck off
bitches hahahahaha this idiot just got
his claws special tanked by my epic van
dos van Gogh's had like the highest
defense in the game now feel the wrath
of my penis pointer it seems that my
ethic testicle crusher has destroyed
another rabbit homosexual good fight at
last these hordes of penis touchers have
been driven back I have one final
question for you who looks cooler here
epic pro reader in his are metal
awesomeness your nude hell's wolffian
his lady gaga outfit now goodbye and no
complaining that this was too short or I
shall rip out your tonsils and shove
them up your mother's bum bum booty you
asked me to keep them short this is
stephen hawking signing out